Assignment
1.	Define SQL Server Instance.
2.	What does the master database contain?
3.	What is the model database’s function?
4.	What is the use of tempdb?
5.	Which of the following statements are true about a normal subquery
a.	The inner query executes first
b.	The execution begins with the outer query
c.	The result of the inner query is used by the outer query
d.	The inner query is a complete query in its own right

6)Create a query to fetch the data from ExternalCandidate table which shows the details of all the candidates whose sitestscore is lesser than the average sitestscore of all the External candidates(Use subquery)

7)Create a query to fetch the data from External Candidate which shows the details of all candidates whose cstate is not in Kansas,Virginia,Georgia(Use Sub query)
Create sample Supplier table SupId,SupName,SupPhone - Orders table Orderid,OrderDate,Supplierid
8) Create a query to fetch the data joining Supplier table and Orders table (innerjoin)

9) Create a query to fetch the data joining Supplier table and Orders table , all data from Customer table should be displayed and only related records from Orders table to be displayed(Use left outer join)

10)Create a query to fetch the data joining Customer table and Orders table all data from Orders table and related from Customer table
(HInt:use Right outer join

11)Create a query to fetch the data from Department for those departments which have the Department Heads name starting with M

12) Create a query which fetches the data about the PositionDescription from Position table for all those employees whose candidature was referred by Agencies
(hint : use subqueries-> Use Position ,Externalcandidate and Employee table HR DB)

13)Create a query to fetch the data of all employees whose position has Currentstrength greater than 50
(Use Position & Employee Table -HR DB)  use subquery

14) Create a query to fetch the position description details  for  the Candidates(ExternalCandidates) who are referred by the agencies(cagencycode) 
(tables:position,external candidate,employee)

15) Create query to fetch the employee skills for those external candidates who are refrred by Agencies(Use EmployeeSkill table along with Employee,Ext Candidate) 
and Create query to fetch the employee skills for those candidates who are not referred by Agencies.







